Friday‚ I am dreaming a mile‚ a minute
′Bout somebody‚ this feeling‚
I wanna go with it
Cause there′s no way‚ We are hiding
away from this tonight
Oh‚ this tonight
Can tell you want me by the
way I see you starin′
′Cross the room‚ baby‚ no shame in
the game‚ just cut the shit
Be honest‚ yeah‚ you know what
you gotta do tonight
Do tonight
Just want you to make me move
Like it ain′t a choice for you‚
like you got a job to do
Just want you to raise my roof
Something sensational
And make me ooh‚ ooh‚ ooh‚ ooh
No rules‚ from the bar to the
car‚ let′s take it back
To my room‚ igniting the
heat of the moment
Let those sparks fuse‚ blowing up to
the ceiling‚ We are burning bright
When we cut the line
Cause You are the flame
I can′t do without
The fire comes in‚ the sky falls down
There′s no way I am gona be
fighting this tonight
This tonight
I just want you to make me move
Like it ain′t a choice for you‚
like you got a job to do
Just want you to raise my roof
Something sensational
And make me ooh‚ ooh‚ ooh‚ ooh
Baby‚ because
You are the spark that won′t go out
My heart′s on fire when You are around
And make me ooh‚ ooh‚ ooh‚ ooh
Yeah‚ Eazy
I don′t care if It is a random
person or the biggest star
Out in Vegas or le bars
Really not a difference
if It is near or far
Listen‚ here we are‚ need you
I have always wondered what
was off limit is
Staring at you till I
am caught in this
Back and forth like this is all tennis
I am all jealous‚ you
came with someone
But we can tell that there′s
changes coming
See I could tell that You
are a dangerous woman
That means You are speaking
my language‚ come on
Now follow me‚ let′s go
Like Penelope in Blow
Well it worth the stealing you‚
It is a felony‚ yeah I know
That′s why they keep on telling
me to let go‚ yeah
But I need you and I can take you
All the way and I am able
To give you something sensational
So let′s go‚ yeah
Said I need you and I can take you
All the way and I am able
So follow me and I can make you
And make me ooh (move)‚ ooh‚ ooh ‚ ooh
And make me ooh‚ ooh‚ ooh‚ ooh
Baby‚ because
You are the spark that won′t go out
My heart′s on fire when You are around
And make me ooh‚ ooh‚ ooh‚ ooh
Yeah‚ you make me ooh